clean up old sprints page (#253)
EuroPython/website: data/pages-content/sprints.md

- **SCHEDULE** -->

---

# EuroPython 2023 Sprints #

EuroPython 2023 Sprints will be during the weekend 22-23 July. This year, we are hosting the sprint weekend at a **different venue** and it will be free for anyone to join!

As per our tradition, the conference organisers will provide the rooms and facilities but the sprints are organised by **YOU**. It is a great chance to contribute to open-source projects large and small, learn from each other, geek out and have fun. 🐍

**When**: 22-23 July 2023

**Where**: Rajska Building (RB), [Žižkov Campus, VŠE](https://www.vse.cz/english/about-vse/profile/campus/) (Prague University of Economics and Business)
- **sprint rooms** - all on the 1st floor of RB
- **chillout area**: the [atrium](https://drive.google.com/file/d/19qKwC7fmxupRINP5Pvj6Npe_eq0czI6Y/view?usp=sharing) on the ground floor of RB

<!-- TODO: link map / page about sprint venue -->
**Who can attend**:
- If you have an in-person EuroPython ticket ([Conference, Tutorial or Combined](s#ticket-types)), then access to the sprints is already included. Remember to select your sprints attendance when buying / configuring your ticket, to let the organisers know.

> - If you do not have an in-person conference ticket, you can register to join the sprints for free. Registration information will be announced soon [here](tickets#sprint-tickets)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you do not have an in-person conference ticket, you can register to join the sprints for free. Registration information will be announced soon [here](tickets#sprint-tickets).
```

## What is a “Sprint” ?

>  “Sprints” or “hackathons” a form of impromptu coding meetups, where anyone interested in a project can come together for a short period of time to make quick progress, share our knowledge and ideas and solve problems together. The two-day sprint is the perfect way to end the full-week EuroPython conference, giving you a hands-on experience to solidify what we have learned, and bond over our love for coding, making and problem solving.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 “Sprints”, or “hackathons”, are a form of impromptu coding meetups where anyone interested in a project can come together for a short period of time to make quick progress, share knowledge and ideas, and solve problems together. The two-day sprint is the perfect way to end the full-week EuroPython conference, giving you a hands-on experience to solidify what you have learned and bond over the love for coding, making and problem solving.  
```

<img src="/img/sprint_collection.png__2420x1619_q85_crop_subsampling-2_upscale.png" width="1210" height="808"   />

## Organising a Sprint

> **Sprint rooms**: we will have 11 rooms in total for the sprints, all of which are on the 1st floor of the Rajska Building (RB) of VŠE. Check out the [rooms layout](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N2Q_jB3j4LRXS15WJI2STlXvBkGABbgC/view?usp=sharing) for details. The rooms 103-107 and 111-116 each has the capacity of 24 and looks like [this (img)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1J2ffugSUZcx4oZO6LGMsUjPL1Z2ZrWw1/view?usp=sharing). The room 109 has the capacity of 48 and looks like [this (img)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iVOMcF5IxSGH4TgpDoby1bEQDBMLWhhP/view?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Sprint rooms**: we will have 11 rooms in total for the sprints, all of which are on the 1st floor of the Rajska Building (RB) of VŠE. Check out the [room layout](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N2Q_jB3j4LRXS15WJI2STlXvBkGABbgC/view?usp=sharing) for details. The rooms 103-107 and 111-116 each have the capacity for 24 and look like [this (img)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1J2ffugSUZcx4oZO6LGMsUjPL1Z2ZrWw1/view?usp=sharing). Room 109 has capacity for 48 and looks like [this (img)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iVOMcF5IxSGH4TgpDoby1bEQDBMLWhhP/view?usp=sharing).
```

**Note**: As each room might have the capacity to host multiple sprints, it is recommended that sprint organisers prioritise proposing their sprints in already designated rooms that have sufficient space to accommodate the expected number of participants.

- RB 103; capacity 24
- RB 104; capacity 24
- RB 105; capacity 24
- RB 106; capacity 24
- RB 107; capacity 24
- RB 112; capacity 24
- RB 113; capacity 24
- RB 114; capacity 24
- RB 115; capacity 24
- RB 116; capacity 24
- RB 109; capacity 48

> If you are planing to run a sprint at EuroPython 2023, please add it at the bottom of this page [creating a pull request to our website](https://github.com/EuroPython/website/blob/main/data/pages-content/sprints.md). If you have any questions, do not hesitate to reach out to us at programme@europython.eu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are planning to run a sprint at EuroPython 2023, please add it at the bottom of this page [creating a pull request to our website](https://github.com/EuroPython/website/blob/main/data/pages-content/sprints.md). If you have any questions, do not hesitate to reach out to us at programme@europython.eu.
```
